Add note to Kubernetes documentation for RAW images (#299)
suse-edge/edge-image-builder: docs/building-images.md

  isoConfiguration:
    installDevice: /path/to/disk
    unattended: false

>   rawConfiguration:

Reviewer: This was initially intentionally omitted due to the conflict with `isoConfiguration`. Not sure if we want to keep it.

Author: I think we should have it in the examples and maybe specify in the parameter options that it should not be used in cohesion with the `isoConfiguration` parameter. Otherwise users might miss it (as did I). Nevertheless, if you think that this is not a good idea I do not mind removing it.

Author: Iterating over this, actually we do not need an example, as we ensure that the user will know about the `rawConfiguration ` property from the note in the `Kubernetes` section. Property example has been removed.

It contains all necessary settings to configure and bootstrap a Kubernetes cluster.
The supported Kubernetes distributions are K3s and RKE2.

> > **_NOTE:_** In addition to the configuration below, if you are building a `raw` image, you must manually specify its disk size. The disk size specification is needed in order to ensure that the `raw` image has enough space to host the Kubernetes tarball resources that EIB attempts to copy ontop of it. Increasing the `raw` image disk size is done through the [`rawConfiguration`](#operating-system) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** In addition to the configuration below, if you are building a `raw` image, you must manually specify its disk size. The disk size specification is needed in order to ensure that the `raw` image has enough space to host the Kubernetes tarball resources that EIB attempts to copy into it. Increasing the `raw` image disk size is done through the [`rawConfiguration`](#operating-system) property.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor rephrasing; "ontop" isn't a word.
